The quills on its head are usually soft. When it flexes them, the points become so hard and sharp that they can pierce rock. Such a thick shell of wood covers its head and back that even a direct hit from a truck wouldn’t faze it.
It relies on its sturdy shell to deflect predators’ attacks. It counterattacks with its sharp quills. They strengthen their lower bodies by running into one another. They are very kind and won’t start fights.
Its Tackle is forceful enough to flip a 50-ton tank. It shields its allies from danger with its own body. When it takes a defensive posture with its fists guarding its face, it could withstand a bomb blast.
Eating a twig fills it with energy, and its roomy ears give vent to air hotter than 390 degrees Fahrenheit. As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears.
As it walks, it munches on a twig in place of a snack. It intimidates opponents by puffing hot air out of its ears. When the twig is plucked from its tail, friction sets the twig alight. The flame is used to send signals to its allies.
It gazes into the flame at the tip of its branch to achieve a focused state, which allows it to see into the future. Using psychic power, it generates a fiery vortex of 5,400 degrees Fahrenheit, incinerating foes swept into this whirl of flame.
It secretes flexible bubbles from its chest and back. The bubbles reduce the damage it would otherwise take when attacked. It protects its skin by covering its body in delicate bubbles. Beneath its happy-go-lucky air, it keeps a watchful eye on its surroundings.
It can throw bubble-covered pebbles with precise control, hitting empty cans up to a hundred feet away. Its swiftness is unparalleled. It can scale a tower of more than 2,000 feet in a minute’s time.
It creates throwing stars out of compressed water. When it spins them and throws them at high speed, these stars can split metal in two. It appears and vanishes with a ninja’s grace. It toys with its enemies using swift movements, while slicing them with throwing stars of sharpest water.
They use their large ears to dig burrows. They will dig the whole night through. It has ears like shovels. Digging holes strengthens its ears so much that they can sever thick roots effortlessly.
With their powerful ears, they can heft boulders of a ton or more with ease. They can be a big help at construction sites. As powerful as an excavator, its ears can reduce dense bedrock to rubble. When it’s finished digging, it lounges lazily.
These friendly Pokémon send signals to one another with beautiful chirps and tail-feather movements. Despite the beauty of its lilting voice, it’s merciless to intruders that enter its territory.
From its beak, it expels embers that set the tall grass on fire. Then it pounces on the bewildered prey that pop out of the grass. The hotter the flame sac on its belly, the faster it can fly, but it takes some time to get the fire going.
In the fever of an exciting battle, it showers embers from the gaps between its feathers and takes to the air. When attacking prey, it can reach speeds of up to 310 mph. It finishes its prey off with a colossal kick.